Donald Trump defends Kanye West from his haters: As soon as Kanye West announced he'd run for President on Sun... 
@user the later i stay up the better...c'mon Murray! 
literally everyone on my tl is talking about naruto im screaming this my wordt night mar e before christmas this should be ilega 
Sam Smith blew my mind and pulled on my heartstrings at #ElectricPicnic on Saturday. Best act of the weekend! @user you da best! 
"""Lax sesh tomorrow fr, need it"" "
a lot of guesses on my friday trivia. the correct answers are priest holmes and arian foster. 
Thor is a throw back kind of pitcher. I love it!!!!  
"""Since 2013 Danny Valencia is the 21st best hitter vs LHP in baseball, tied with Ryan Braun. Better than Adrian Beltre. @user "
"@user @user haven't read it but I can send it your way in the morning. Also, have IRA texts for you on Monday"" "
Full house on a Friday for David Price facing the Yankees. That's the best sentence I have heard in a while #BlueJays 
"""How ironic is it that on Sundae, July 19th, which apparently is National Ice Cream Day, I ordered two blizzards at DQ instead of one?"" "
BOXINGEGO: Floyd Mayweather Jr and Showtime make it OFFICIAL. Mayweather vs. Berto Sept 12th Showtime PPV. 
WOW!!! OMG Today for my 21st birthday I woke up and @user follows me! I knew this day would come! Thanks Jennette! <3 
yall Nicki and Bey both performing at the VMAs tomorrow night. 
"""Like Frenchies, the only way George Osborne and May can beat @user is by cheating &amp; backstabbing.  #samething @user "
@user who shld take the credit Kejriwal or Rahul Gandhi or now may b Nitish 
@user hahah. Excited for your live blog tomorrow. I know the rumors are strong but I remain dubious about the iPad pro being announced 
Any recommendations for a courier to take a data secure box 8kg from Haltwhistle to London. Preferably same day delivery next Mon or Tues. 
"""As Super Eagles head coach, Sunday Ogorchukwu Oliseh enters day three of his active period in charge of the... "
Dustin Johnson's caddie should do the old hockey trick where every Sunday he tells him it's Thursday all morning so he shoots mid-60s. 
"@user Oooo, YES! I submitted UMD on Sat., UMBC on Sun., before the storm! 2 down, 4 more to go :D @user "
I grew up to this song..didn't knew the 2nd verse is about beyonce..until now.JAY-Z - Lost One ft. Chrisette Michele 
"""Briana draking it because of Ivan, you good? "
Did you know that 'Ryan Braun' was Trending Topic on Monday 17 for 4 hours in Milwaukee? #trndnl 
"""1st  film since \""""2 n a Half Men,\"""" Charlie Sheen is set to star with Jason Schwartzman in \""""A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charlie Swan III.\"""""" "
Tom Brady 6th round pick Aaron Rodgers played at a community college cus he didn't get a D1 offer. Nuts 
@user would you interested in a five a side footy tournement Jan 12 at Warners with Sean Dalee its my lads dance crew? 
"Paul says even though they may not have votes to defund Planned Parenthood, 'I'm going to make them vote.' "
Great job @user for getting two cars in a hotel conference room on the 5th floor at SXSW! #IAPRSA12 
"""I can't wait for sam smith tomorrow, I'm probably gonna cry the whole concert"" "
Colts game Sunday with @user I CAN'T WAIT! 
Tryna make sure everything go as planned Saturday. . . 
Omg this time tomorrow I will be sunning it up in Hvar! Croatia here we come!!! 
"""So Woody has been busy. Rumours he's trying to get two in (Bale and Kane) and two out (De Gea and Evans) by Tuesday. #mufc #motwyw"""""" "
