Convenient location to the Georgia Dome: This is our 2nd time staying at the Omni at CNN and both times we wer... 
In bed in Plymouth hotel for the last night of holidays - home tomorrow. Had fun meeting @user and @user but time for home :( 
"Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said Thursday that his chief opponent, front-runner Donald Trump, is ""trying to insult his way"" to the White "
Exciting weekend. Kitchen being fitted today Foo Fighters live tomorrow. Iggy Pop and Royal Blood supporting is the icing on the cake 
Will the PM stand by and watch his colleagues crush the voice of our people?: Rahul Gandhi 
@user take Niall's guitar and play on stage at the show tomorrow. 
When you're sick of waiting for a book to come in from BN so you ask your husband to order it via Amazon Prime. Yup. Getting it Saturday. 
"""12 Ways June Squibb Is the New Jennifer Lawrence - "
i want Michelle Obama to be president with Michelle Williams from DC as Vice President (she already know what its like to be 2nd in command) 
@user @user As far as I know Rick Perry hasn't tried to illegally bond for a second football stadium while still paying on the 1st 1 
@user lol you put effort then sat with Thor and held him and just watched me slave away 
Nine Goa Congress legislators want to join us: BJP: Panaji\u002c Oct 31: Goa\u2019s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to... 
I just cried at the Amazon Prime advert with the boy in the Superman outfit. Wild Friday night 
we still have to work the WVU game on saturday:/ thats going to be brutal. 
MSNBC: The NFL season kicks off Thursday night and Tom Brady is set to be on the field: 
A Regal Nissan Titan helped walk a bride down the aisle on Saturday.  Share your special Nissan story. 
Northern lights sale tomorrow following the Wexham Cup Bull Sale; sale of Elite Female Holstein & Jerseys! A real treat of a sale! No trick! 
"""Aftr few days of""""PERSPIRATION/DOUBT,NATION'S CONSCIENCE is REJOICING""""fr 4th time in 10 years,in Yakub's Hanging lik it did in AFZAL GURU'S?"" "
Maja is Nicki to April's Miley right now. April is inspecting a candle and Maja has the EYE on her. #whatsgood 
the saddest part of me not going to the Chris brown concert is the fact that i missed august Alsinas fine ass perform too :(((((( 
@user For sure! Tuesday noon ET live on UND.com ... #Irish and Nebraska ... I know you'll be tuned in! 
ok lame but i want to have a Niall birthday party on Sunday 
@user Boneless Thursday with Karm #yum 
"@user Utah tonight. Saturday rolling with Baylor, Stanford, and UCLA so far"" "
I've got Aldo winning by TKO in the 3rd round but if it goes to the judges McGregor wins cause you know he's Dana White's golden boy #UFC194 
Seriously Kanye West is the biggest joke ever. The burrito I am gonna get at Moe's tomorrow would be a better president. 
"Pope Francis USA tshirts on sale for $10 to Mr. Hylka-room 219 by Thursday 3pm. These will be worn 9/23, the day the pope arrives in the US. "
"""Another away victory for Milan, now in 6th position and Coppa Italia quarter finals. Not bad.....Mihalovic we the fans want more!"" "
"""I\u2019m thinking about making August \""""""""Baby Month\"""""""" at Life\u2019s A Celebration. With tips and ideas for those expectant and new mums out there."" "
So happy HISD has no school tomorrow! No student teaching in the morning!! 
"@user @user sorry but that's an old photo, from January after the Charlie Hebdo attacks"" "
December 4th 2011 Curitiba\u002c Brazil - The first and last time I saw Suicide Silence with Mitch. I\u2019m glad I ha 
I think it's nice Shawn is trying. As annoying as it may be 
"@user i'm more upset by the racist, stereotypical shit that every fucking store under the sun sells around St. Patrick's day."" "
"""#TheEdenCentre Get in shape this Wednesday with Yoga 6pm - 7:30pm all levels welcome, #fitness"" "
I just fucked yo bitch in sum Gucci flip-flops 
Chelsea make Ivory Coast star January priority | GiveMeFootball via @user 
"My dad just asked me if I wanna go to Disneyland tomorrow, I'm crying "
This may be the weirdest thing I've ever #Seen .  Fireworks by Katy Perry (Yoko Ono cover) 
Congrats to Wayne Rooney for breaking the highest goal record for England. Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh... 
"@user in similarly shocking news, the sun is hot and the Pope is Catholic. Can't believe there is anyone who trusts this woman. "
@user What the what is this Admin. so fearful of Iran in 1st place the deal stunk. 
Beautiful sunrise at the Washington Monument taken by @user - 
I have work tomorrow but I'm still going to stay up and watch Seinfeld... 
"@user it's horrible, complete fail compared to the 1st movie. Rather watch Ant-man or Entourage."" "
This sounds like when Sarah Palin was interviewed and didn't know the answer.  Claimed she was being set up. 
@user Me &amp; My Phone have one sided relationship as it does not have sensors like Moto G 3rd Gen.#YouDesrveBetter 
It would be refreshing for CNN to give as much attention to the monsters at Planned Parenthood as you are to a panda 
"@user Honestly- do you actually remember a @user update that DIDN'T make things worse? Well, the upcoming google+ decouple may count. "
Long Princeton (and Diggy)  #imagine : Happy Valentine\u2019s day (yn)...      February 14  It\u2019s been 9 m via @user 
"""Rousey is to Dana White what AJ is to Eddie Hearn, their wee pet projects, be great 2 see Eddies wee pets career take the same hit on Dec 12"" "
Might see Jurassic World again tomorrow. It's the last day to see it and it's Ty's birthday so.. 
(Even the Spirit of Vengeance thinks you two should wed.) 
Hanging at DIA waiting for my #delayed flight to Los Angeles. I\u2019m sure the delay has something to do with #Sandy. USC-Oregon game Saturday! 
John Cena v. Jon Stewart: The battle of the Jons (insert Arby's joke here) 
"""With Shawn's death anniversary on the 21st, marking 3 yrs without him, well, my heart and crystal feel heavy. I know if he were still here.."" "
I\u2019m listening to the a capellas of The 2nd Law and appreciating how bad ass Bellamy is. Not that I didn\u2019t already know from his other albums 
Carly Fiorina may make some inroads toward some Dem support if she  support some Dems initiatives including admitting Obama did some good!!! 
O yea btw imma be in Clemson on Thursday...I tryna get a early nigga knock going on 
Typical that when the Great Yorkshire Show gets cancelled the sun comes out. Oh well. That's England for you. 
Seinfeld may have not known it at the time. But he made the last sitcom that mattered. 
"""In UT, yesterday, far more people showed up in support of abortion than Christians did with the gospel back on Sat. "
Sisi is a tyrant trying to suppress any possible Islamic uprising. May Allah grant the Muslims victory over this dog. 
"@user Good luck then! I'd love to go to London but I'm from Spain and it's a WEDNESDAY (work), so I hope I get tickets to Milan."" "
"""seeing """"Straight Outta Compton"""" &amp; """"Ant-Man"""" tomorrow is the move.. gotta decide on a 3rd movie as well."" "
Wow. Tiger fires a 63 but not good enough.  Nick Watney shoots a 59 if he birdies the 18th?!? #sick 
