Donald Trump defends Kanye West from his haters: As soon as Kanye West announced he'd run for President on Sun... 

Convenient location to the Georgia Dome: This is our 2nd time staying at the Omni at CNN and both times we wer... 

@user the later i stay up the better...c'mon Murray! 

literally everyone on my tl is talking about naruto im screaming this my wordt night mar e before christmas this should be ilega 

In bed in Plymouth hotel for the last night of holidays - home tomorrow. Had fun meeting @user and @user but time for home :( 

Former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush said Thursday that his chief opponent, front-runner Donald Trump, is "trying to insult his way" to the White 

Sam Smith blew my mind and pulled on my heartstrings at #ElectricPicnic on Saturday. Best act of the weekend! @user you da best! 

Exciting weekend. Kitchen being fitted today Foo Fighters live tomorrow. Iggy Pop and Royal Blood supporting is the icing on the cake 

Will the PM stand by and watch his colleagues crush the voice of our people?: Rahul Gandhi 

@user take Niall's guitar and play on stage at the show tomorrow. 

When you're sick of waiting for a book to come in from BN so you ask your husband to order it via Amazon Prime. Yup. Getting it Saturday. 

"Lax sesh tomorrow fr, need it" 

"12 Ways June Squibb Is the New Jennifer Lawrence - 

i want Michelle Obama to be president with Michelle Williams from DC as Vice President (she already know what its like to be 2nd in command) 

@user @user As far as I know Rick Perry hasn't tried to illegally bond for a second football stadium while still paying on the 1st 1 

a lot of guesses on my friday trivia. the correct answers are priest holmes and arian foster. 

Thor is a throw back kind of pitcher. I love it!!!!  

@user lol you put effort then sat with Thor and held him and just watched me slave away 

"Since 2013 Danny Valencia is the 21st best hitter vs LHP in baseball, tied with Ryan Braun. Better than Adrian Beltre. @user 

@user @user haven't read it but I can send it your way in the morning. Also, have IRA texts for you on Monday" 

Full house on a Friday for David Price facing the Yankees. That's the best sentence I have heard in a while #BlueJays 

"How ironic is it that on Sundae, July 19th, which apparently is National Ice Cream Day, I ordered two blizzards at DQ instead of one?" 

BOXINGEGO: Floyd Mayweather Jr and Showtime make it OFFICIAL. Mayweather vs. Berto Sept 12th Showtime PPV. 

WOW!!! OMG Today for my 21st birthday I woke up and @user follows me! I knew this day would come! Thanks Jennette! <3 

yall Nicki and Bey both performing at the VMAs tomorrow night. 

Nine Goa Congress legislators want to join us: BJP: Panaji\u002c Oct 31: Goa\u2019s ruling Bharatiya Janata Party (BJP) to... 

"Like Frenchies, the only way George Osborne and May can beat @user is by cheating &amp; backstabbing.  #samething @user 

I just cried at the Amazon Prime advert with the boy in the Superman outfit. Wild Friday night 

@user who shld take the credit Kejriwal or Rahul Gandhi or now may b Nitish 

we still have to work the WVU game on saturday:/ thats going to be brutal. 

MSNBC: The NFL season kicks off Thursday night and Tom Brady is set to be on the field: 

@user hahah. Excited for your live blog tomorrow. I know the rumors are strong but I remain dubious about the iPad pro being announced 

A Regal Nissan Titan helped walk a bride down the aisle on Saturday.  Share your special Nissan story. 

Northern lights sale tomorrow following the Wexham Cup Bull Sale; sale of Elite Female Holstein & Jerseys! A real treat of a sale! No trick! 

Any recommendations for a courier to take a data secure box 8kg from Haltwhistle to London. Preferably same day delivery next Mon or Tues. 

"Aftr few days of""PERSPIRATION/DOUBT,NATION'S CONSCIENCE is REJOICING""fr 4th time in 10 years,in Yakub's Hanging lik it did in AFZAL GURU'S?" 

Maja is Nicki to April's Miley right now. April is inspecting a candle and Maja has the EYE on her. #whatsgood 

the saddest part of me not going to the Chris brown concert is the fact that i missed august Alsinas fine ass perform too :(((((( 

"As Super Eagles head coach, Sunday Ogorchukwu Oliseh enters day three of his active period in charge of the... 

@user For sure! Tuesday noon ET live on UND.com ... #Irish and Nebraska ... I know you'll be tuned in! 

ok lame but i want to have a Niall birthday party on Sunday 

@user Boneless Thursday with Karm #yum 

@user Utah tonight. Saturday rolling with Baylor, Stanford, and UCLA so far" 

I've got Aldo winning by TKO in the 3rd round but if it goes to the judges McGregor wins cause you know he's Dana White's golden boy #UFC194 

Seriously Kanye West is the biggest joke ever. The burrito I am gonna get at Moe's tomorrow would be a better president. 

Pope Francis USA tshirts on sale for $10 to Mr. Hylka-room 219 by Thursday 3pm. These will be worn 9/23, the day the pope arrives in the US. 

"Another away victory for Milan, now in 6th position and Coppa Italia quarter finals. Not bad.....Mihalovic we the fans want more!" 

Dustin Johnson's caddie should do the old hockey trick where every Sunday he tells him it's Thursday all morning so he shoots mid-60s. 

"I\u2019m thinking about making August \""""Baby Month\"""" at Life\u2019s A Celebration. With tips and ideas for those expectant and new mums out there." 

So happy HISD has no school tomorrow! No student teaching in the morning!! 

@user @user sorry but that's an old photo, from January after the Charlie Hebdo attacks" 

December 4th 2011 Curitiba\u002c Brazil - The first and last time I saw Suicide Silence with Mitch. I\u2019m glad I ha 

I think it's nice Shawn is trying. As annoying as it may be 

@user i'm more upset by the racist, stereotypical shit that every fucking store under the sun sells around St. Patrick's day." 

"#TheEdenCentre Get in shape this Wednesday with Yoga 6pm - 7:30pm all levels welcome, #fitness" 

I just fucked yo bitch in sum Gucci flip-flops 

Chelsea make Ivory Coast star January priority | GiveMeFootball via @user 

@user Oooo, YES! I submitted UMD on Sat., UMBC on Sun., before the storm! 2 down, 4 more to go :D @user 

My dad just asked me if I wanna go to Disneyland tomorrow, I'm crying 

This may be the weirdest thing I've ever #Seen .  Fireworks by Katy Perry (Yoko Ono cover) 

Congrats to Wayne Rooney for breaking the highest goal record for England. Super Eagles coach Sunday Oliseh... 

@user in similarly shocking news, the sun is hot and the Pope is Catholic. Can't believe there is anyone who trusts this woman. 

@user What the what is this Admin. so fearful of Iran in 1st place the deal stunk. 

Beautiful sunrise at the Washington Monument taken by @user - 

I grew up to this song..didn't knew the 2nd verse is about beyonce..until now.JAY-Z - Lost One ft. Chrisette Michele 

I have work tomorrow but I'm still going to stay up and watch Seinfeld... 

@user it's horrible, complete fail compared to the 1st movie. Rather watch Ant-man or Entourage." 

This sounds like when Sarah Palin was interviewed and didn't know the answer.  Claimed she was being set up. 

@user Me &amp; My Phone have one sided relationship as it does not have sensors like Moto G 3rd Gen.#YouDesrveBetter 

It would be refreshing for CNN to give as much attention to the monsters at Planned Parenthood as you are to a panda 

@user Honestly- do you actually remember a @user update that DIDN'T make things worse? Well, the upcoming google+ decouple may count. 

"Briana draking it because of Ivan, you good? 

Long Princeton (and Diggy)  #imagine : Happy Valentine\u2019s day (yn)...      February 14  It\u2019s been 9 m via @user 

Did you know that 'Ryan Braun' was Trending Topic on Monday 17 for 4 hours in Milwaukee? #trndnl 

"1st  film since \""2 n a Half Men,\"" Charlie Sheen is set to star with Jason Schwartzman in \""A Glimpse Inside the Mind of Charlie Swan III.\""" 

"Rousey is to Dana White what AJ is to Eddie Hearn, their wee pet projects, be great 2 see Eddies wee pets career take the same hit on Dec 12" 

Might see Jurassic World again tomorrow. It's the last day to see it and it's Ty's birthday so.. 

(Even the Spirit of Vengeance thinks you two should wed.) 

Tom Brady 6th round pick Aaron Rodgers played at a community college cus he didn't get a D1 offer. Nuts 

@user would you interested in a five a side footy tournement Jan 12 at Warners with Sean Dalee its my lads dance crew? 

Paul says even though they may not have votes to defund Planned Parenthood, 'I'm going to make them vote.' 

Hanging at DIA waiting for my #delayed flight to Los Angeles. I\u2019m sure the delay has something to do with #Sandy. USC-Oregon game Saturday! 

John Cena v. Jon Stewart: The battle of the Jons (insert Arby's joke here) 

"With Shawn's death anniversary on the 21st, marking 3 yrs without him, well, my heart and crystal feel heavy. I know if he were still here.." 

Great job @user for getting two cars in a hotel conference room on the 5th floor at SXSW! #IAPRSA12 

I\u2019m listening to the a capellas of The 2nd Law and appreciating how bad ass Bellamy is. Not that I didn\u2019t already know from his other albums 

Carly Fiorina may make some inroads toward some Dem support if she  support some Dems initiatives including admitting Obama did some good!!! 

O yea btw imma be in Clemson on Thursday...I tryna get a early nigga knock going on 

Typical that when the Great Yorkshire Show gets cancelled the sun comes out. Oh well. That's England for you. 

"I can't wait for sam smith tomorrow, I'm probably gonna cry the whole concert" 

Seinfeld may have not known it at the time. But he made the last sitcom that mattered. 

"In UT, yesterday, far more people showed up in support of abortion than Christians did with the gospel back on Sat. 

Colts game Sunday with @user I CAN'T WAIT! 

Tryna make sure everything go as planned Saturday. . . 

Omg this time tomorrow I will be sunning it up in Hvar! Croatia here we come!!! 

Sisi is a tyrant trying to suppress any possible Islamic uprising. May Allah grant the Muslims victory over this dog. 

@user Good luck then! I'd love to go to London but I'm from Spain and it's a WEDNESDAY (work), so I hope I get tickets to Milan." 

"seeing ""Straight Outta Compton"" &amp; ""Ant-Man"" tomorrow is the move.. gotta decide on a 3rd movie as well." 

"So Woody has been busy. Rumours he's trying to get two in (Bale and Kane) and two out (De Gea and Evans) by Tuesday. #mufc #motwyw""" 

Wow. Tiger fires a 63 but not good enough.  Nick Watney shoots a 59 if he birdies the 18th?!? #sick 

